Fix #10339 (#10353)
certbot/certbot: certbot/CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> * To prevent users from overriding the server ARI requests are made to, it now
> use the certificate's configured `server` value rather than Certbot's configured
> `server`.
> 
> ### Fixed
> 

Reviewer: i don't love the "prevent users from overriding..." language. to me, that sounds like we're taking features away or stopping users from shooting themselves in the foot. i personally think our previous logic here was just wrong

how about something like this? please feel free to iterate on this if you don't like my suggestion either

```suggestion
*

### Fixed

* Certbot now always uses the server value from the renewal configuration file                               
  for ARI checks instead of the server value from the current invocation of                                                                                       
  Certbot. This helps prevent ARI requests from going to the wrong server if        
  the user changes CAs.
```
other than that, this PR lgtm!

Author: i like this much more, ty!
